nu
ana
It is very much Hello Justice 2066 Well this time is here.
For example I went to Aichi compensated dating to Softbank
I changed the model of this iphone 4 to say what kind of wisdom this
First of all why I say why I changed my home
The ease Nau illness and return to that iphone 5
Somewhat bad trade-in or basic fee is free, communication fee is 1000 yen off, etc.
Well another what grade in such a feeling
Why do not you tell me what items or Nde came this e-mail
We decided to check in Well that is better written if charges will be cheaper
a opening of the iphone 5 but it is immediately iphone 5 Well too late
I'm going to do something about what I got first
It's me, if the father of Softbank smells
I think that I did a little even after seams
It is crunchy lead Sunatsuki flow value ordering
I think I will try to eat after it has become quite well
Well After that it contains the documents you think that the bad is to show a variety of Well in
And pocket tissue
And this is the body
Iphone i have been using it for a long time so iphone after a long time
It's the second iphone for me a
After all it is said that exciting feeling is quite open video or something
I will
Yourself why I wanted to select the white chose white
Say I have my own ipad
Because both mini and ipad 2 are white
After I wanted to unify in white, it is personally that black paint peels off
By you have heard was
Well I thought it would be better to white, so I made it white.
let's go
oven
Yes reflection is great
a The opposite is for the time being
Are you willing
Let's see here Let's see
Here contains the there is it looks instructions simple die gold Well
Quick Start Guide iphone Information
And
This is a seal I know Apple is familiar
Is it
After the pet
Ht ac adapter
lightning cable
And here is 8 a Ah Potts
Well is the second time and the pop star Yes
I think I can get back to the phone after volume control and maybe this
Here
It is in the case marked with apple like this
I feel like this accessories are
It is the main body but it is lighter than iphone 4 first of all
To become fall is larger for that is light a lightness is with you is a little strange feeling
Iahon Jack is Ichiyatsu
It came next is day Urawa change in lightning cable
Well like this
The color looks a bit like 2 and it's silver white white
do it
Manner mode key to volume control
On the top is the power 2 button Yes
It is such a feeling
Also , I would like to do a review on the theme later, so by that time everyone
Please take a look at the baby This time it has become a bit gudaguda
To the end
Thank you in advance for the Justice Channel .